feat: [CDS-54317]: Adds Documentation for IAM Role (#2138)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/gitops/harness-cd-git-ops-quickstart.md

To use a Kubernetes Service Account (SA) and token, you will need to either use an existing SA that has `cluster-admin` or *admin* permissions in the namespace, or create a new SA and grant it the permissions. This is described in [Add a Kubernetes Cluster Connector](/docs/platform/Connectors/Cloud-providers/add-a-kubernetes-cluster-connector).

> To create a cluster entity using IAM role in Amazon EKS, please refer to [Creating a GitOps Cluster with IAM role](/docs/continuous-delivery/gitops/create-cluster-with-iam.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a cluster entity using IAM role in Amazon EKS, go to [Creating a GitOps cluster with IAM role](/docs/continuous-delivery/gitops/create-cluster-with-iam.md).
```
